index.adoc, before:

:version: 1.21.4
:factionmgr: cocainesnake
:townmgr: jayson.json

= DMU {version} Information

This contains all relevant information about the changes made in the update from 1.16.5 to {version} of DMU.

Note that everything here is subject to change and will be updated accordingly.

== Factions changes

Players can only be a member of 2 factions at once, and can only own 1.

Players who own a faction can still join 1 other faction.

=== Registration
[%collapsible]
====
In order for a faction to be recognised by staff, it will need to be registered on DMU.

The initial creation of a faction can only be done by server admins.

However faction owners, or anyone with role perms, can later change certain aspects.


To get your faction created and registered, message `{factionmgr}` with the following:

- The name of your faction

- The Minecraft username of the owner

Keep in mind that the faction requirements are still in place.
====

=== Capes
[%collapsible]
====
After getting your faction registered, you'll have the option of adding custom capes.

These capes will be added to specifically DMU to avoid cluttering the main mod.

The faction owner, or anyone with perms, will then be able to give these capes to members.

To get a cape added, message `{townmgr}` with the following:

* The name of your faction

* The identifier

** For e.g. `unit:cape_one`

* Your custom cape texture

** You can get the default texture here: https://jaysonjson.github.io/DMU1.2x/default_cape.png +
====

=== Roles
[%collapsible]
====
With the new factions system, we've added in-faction roles that allow certain members more privileges than others.

Note that the faction owner will not (and cannot) have a role, but will have all permissions.

The permissions these roles can have are:

* `CHANGE_NAME` - Defines whether users with the role can change the factions name

* `CHANGE_AGGRESSION` - Defines whether users with the role can change the factions aggression stance

* `INVITE_MEMBERS` - Defines whether users with the role can invite other players to the faction

* `KICK_MEMBERS` - Defines whether users with the role can kick members from the faction

* `MANAGE_ROLES` - Defines whether users with the role can set another members role

* `MANAGE_PERMISSIONS` - Defines whether users with the role can update another roles permissions

* `MANAGE_CAPES` - Defines whether users with the role can give members access to any capes the faction may have

Members can only target roles/members lower than their current role.

====
== Ranks changes
=== Custom ranks
[%collapsible]
====
With our new database, we've added the ability to set a prefix that will display in the playerlist.

These prefixes are limited to 5 characters, excluding formatting and square brackets.

To get a tab prefix, you can either:

* Use the `/prefix` command

  ** You will need to wait for staff to accept it. Once they do, you'll have to wait a month before changing it again

  ** This command can also change your chat prefix

* Message `{townmgr}` with your current rank and what you'd like the prefix to be
====
== Towns changes

There is no limit as to how many towns a player can be a member of.

=== Registration
[%collapsible]
====
Simalarly to factions, towns will also need to be registered on DMU.

The town requirements are still in place.

After getting registered, you will:

* Have a global TARDIS warp, which can be accessed via the planned global-warp-list system

** You will need to designate these positions and ensure the town has enough, otherwise players will be unable to land

* Have a designated town area, which can be appropriately increased by asking staff

* Have town ranks with different permissions listed below

* Have town capes, if the requirements are met
====
=== Ranks
[%collapsible]
====
Much like factions, towns will have roles.

These roles can be granted different permissions, such as:

* `CAN_ENTER` - Defines whether users with the role can enter the towns given area
** This cannot be removed from the default member role

* `BREAK_BLOCKS`/`PLACE_BLOCKS`/`INTERACT_BLOCKS` - Defines whether users with the role can break, place or interact with blocks in the towns given area

* `CREATE_ROLE` - Defines whether users with the role can create other roles, alongside modifying permissions

* `ASSIGN_ROLE` - Defines whether users with the role can give members town roles

* `ASSIGN_CAPE` - Defines whether users can give a player access to any capes the town may have

Similarly to factions, the owner will not have a role but will have all permissions.

Members can only target roles/members lower than their current role.
====

Commit message:

rip the 1.12 kids with all their bold :heart:

index.adoc, after:

:version: 1.21.4
:factionmgr: cocainesnake
:townmgr: jayson.json

= DMU {version} Information

This contains all relevant information about the changes made in the update from 1.16.5 to {version} of DMU.

Note that everything here is subject to change and will be updated accordingly.

== Factions changes

Players can only be a member of 2 factions at once, and can only own 1.

Players who own a faction can still join 1 other faction.

=== Registration
[%collapsible]
====
In order for a faction to be recognised by staff, it will need to be registered on DMU.

The initial creation of a faction can only be done by server admins.

However faction owners, or anyone with role perms, can later change certain aspects.


To get your faction created and registered, message `{factionmgr}` with the following:

- The name of your faction

- The Minecraft username of the owner

Keep in mind that the faction requirements are still in place.
====

=== Capes
[%collapsible]
====
After getting your faction registered, you'll have the option of adding custom capes.

These capes will be added to specifically DMU to avoid cluttering the main mod.

The faction owner, or anyone with perms, will then be able to give these capes to members.

To get a cape added, message `{townmgr}` with the following:

* The name of your faction

* The identifier

** For e.g. `unit:cape_one`

* Your custom cape texture

** You can get the default texture here: https://jaysonjson.github.io/DMU1.2x/default_cape.png +
====

=== Roles
[%collapsible]
====
With the new factions system, we've added in-faction roles that allow certain members more privileges than others.

Note that the faction owner will not (and cannot) have a role, but will have all permissions.

The permissions these roles can have are:

* `CHANGE_NAME` - Defines whether users with the role can change the factions name

* `CHANGE_AGGRESSION` - Defines whether users with the role can change the factions aggression stance

* `INVITE_MEMBERS` - Defines whether users with the role can invite other players to the faction

* `KICK_MEMBERS` - Defines whether users with the role can kick members from the faction

* `MANAGE_ROLES` - Defines whether users with the role can set another members role

* `MANAGE_PERMISSIONS` - Defines whether users with the role can update another roles permissions

* `MANAGE_CAPES` - Defines whether users with the role can give members access to any capes the faction may have

Members can only target roles/members lower than their current role.

====
== Ranks changes

Bold formatting within ranks prefixes has been removed.

It will automatically be removed from any requests made by `/prefix`.

=== Custom ranks
[%collapsible]
====
With our new database, we've added the ability to set a prefix that will display in the playerlist.

These prefixes are limited to 5 characters, excluding formatting and square brackets.

To get a tab prefix, you can either:

* Use the `/prefix` command

  ** You will need to wait for staff to accept it. Once they do, you'll have to wait a month before changing it again

  ** This command can also change your chat prefix

* Message `{townmgr}` with your current rank and what you'd like the prefix to be
====
== Towns changes

There is no limit as to how many towns a player can be a member of.

=== Registration
[%collapsible]
====
Simalarly to factions, towns will also need to be registered on DMU.

The town requirements are still in place.

After getting registered, you will:

* Have a global TARDIS warp, which can be accessed via the planned global-warp-list system

** You will need to designate these positions and ensure the town has enough, otherwise players will be unable to land

* Have a designated town area, which can be appropriately increased by asking staff

* Have town ranks with different permissions listed below

* Have town capes, if the requirements are met
====
=== Ranks
[%collapsible]
====
Much like factions, towns will have roles.

These roles can be granted different permissions, such as:

* `CAN_ENTER` - Defines whether users with the role can enter the towns given area
** This cannot be removed from the default member role

* `BREAK_BLOCKS`/`PLACE_BLOCKS`/`INTERACT_BLOCKS` - Defines whether users with the role can break, place or interact with blocks in the towns given area

* `CREATE_ROLE` - Defines whether users with the role can create other roles, alongside modifying permissions

* `ASSIGN_ROLE` - Defines whether users with the role can give members town roles

* `ASSIGN_CAPE` - Defines whether users can give a player access to any capes the town may have

Similarly to factions, the owner will not have a role but will have all permissions.

Members can only target roles/members lower than their current role.
====
